Docs: add docs for concatenate transformer (#28667)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/transformations/types-options.md

- [Series to rows](#series-to-rows)
- [Add field from calculation](#add-field-from-calculation)
- [Labels to fields](#labels-to-fields)
- [Concatenate fields](#concatenate-fields)
- [Group by](#group-by)
- [Merge](#merge)

Keep reading for detailed descriptions of each type of transformation and the options available for each, as well as suggestions on how to use them.

## Reduce

The _Reduce_ transformation will apply a calculation to each field in the frame and return a single value.  Time fields are removed when applying
this transformation.  

Consider the input:

Query A:

| Time                | Temp    | Uptime  |
| ------------------- | ------- | ------- |
| 2020-07-07 11:34:20 | 12.3    | 256122  |
| 2020-07-07 11:24:20 | 15.4    | 1230233 |

Query B:

| Time                | AQI     | Errors |
| ------------------- | ------- | ------ |
| 2020-07-07 11:34:20 | 6.5     | 15     |
| 2020-07-07 11:24:20 | 3.2     | 5      |

The reduce transformer has two modes:
- **Series to rows -** Creates a row for each field and a column for each calculation.
- **Reduce fields -** Keeps the existing frame structure, but collapses each field into a single value.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example, if you used the **First** and **Last** calculation with a **Series to rows** transformation, then 

> the result would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the result would be:
```

| Field   | First   | Last    | 
| ------- | ------- | ------- | 
| Temp    | 12.3    | 15.4    |
| Uptime  | 256122  | 1230233 |
| AQI     | 6.5     | 3.2     |
| Errors  | 15      | 5       |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - [Series to rows](#series-to-rows)
  - [Add field from calculation](#add-field-from-calculation)
  - [Labels to fields](#labels-to-fields)
  - [Concatenate fields](#concatenate-fields)
  - [Group by](#group-by)
  - [Merge](#merge)

Keep reading for detailed descriptions of each type of transformation and the options available for each, as well as suggestions on how to use them.

## Reduce

The _Reduce_ transformation will apply a calculation to each field in the frame and return a single value.  Time fields are removed when applying
this transformation.  

Consider the input:

> Query A:

Reviewer: I love examples! Good add.

| Time                | Temp    | Uptime  |
| ------------------- | ------- | ------- |
| 2020-07-07 11:34:20 | 12.3    | 256122  |
| 2020-07-07 11:24:20 | 15.4    | 1230233 |

Query B:

| Time                | AQI     | Errors |
| ------------------- | ------- | ------ |
| 2020-07-07 11:34:20 | 6.5     | 15     |
| 2020-07-07 11:24:20 | 3.2     | 5      |

> The reduce transformer has two modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reduce transformer has two modes:
- **Series to rows -** Creates a row for each field and a column for each calculation.
- **Reduce fields -** Keeps the existing frame structure, but collapses each field into a single value.
```

Reviewer: I suggest separating the definitions from the examples below.

> **Series to rows** will create a row for each field, and a column for each calculation.  For example using the *first* and *last* calculation, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you used the **First** and **Last** calculation with a **Series to rows** transformation, then 
```

the result would be

| Field   | First   | Last    | 
| ------- | ------- | ------- | 
| Temp    | 12.3    | 15.4    |
| Uptime  | 256122  | 1230233 |
| AQI     | 6.5     | 3.2     |
| Errors  | 15      | 5       |

> **Reduce fields** will keep the existing frame structure, but collapse each field into a single value.  For example with the calculation *last*,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Reduce fields** with the **Last** calculation,
```

> the result would still be two frames, each with one row:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results in two frames, each with one row:
```

This transformation allows you to extract some key information out of your time series and display them in a convenient way.

## Concatenate fields

> **Note:** This transformation is only available in Grafana 7.3+.

This transformation combines all fields from all frames into one result.  Consider:

Query A:

| Temp    | Uptime  |
| ------- | ------- |
| 15.4    | 1230233 |

Query B:

| AQI     | Errors |
| ------- | ------ |
| 3.2     | 5      |

> The result would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you concatenate the fields, the data frame would be:
```

This transformation allows you to extract some key information out of your time series and display them in a convenient way.

## Concatenate fields

> **Note:** This transformation is only available in Grafana 7.3+.

This transformation combines all fields from all frames into one result.  Consider:

Query A:

| Temp    | Uptime  |
| ------- | ------- |
| 15.4    | 1230233 |

Query B:

| AQI     | Errors |
| ------- | ------ |
| 3.2     | 5      |

After you concatenate the fields, the data frame would be:

| Temp    | Uptime  | AQI     | Errors |
| ------- | ------- | ------- | ------ |
| 15.4    | 1230233 | 3.2     | 5      |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This transformation allows you to extract some key information out of your time series and display them in a convenient way.

## Concatenate fields

> **Note:** This transformation is only available in Grafana 7.3+.

> This transformation will combine all fields from all frames into one result.  Consider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transformation combines all fields from all frames into one result.  Consider:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Query A:

| Temp    | Uptime  |
| ------- | ------- |
| 15.4    | 1230233 |

Query B:

| AQI     | Errors |
| ------- | ------ |
| 3.2     | 5      |

> The result would be:

Reviewer: The result of what? In the UI, I see three options to select in the **Name** field. What do each of them do? Which one are you using in this example?

Don't forget to mention the option to add a **Label** when you select the **Add a label with the frame name** option.
